Consolidate Using Puppet for Config. Management (#1004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_customizing-the-registration-templates.adoc

* The `remote_execution_ssh_keys` snippet deploys SSH keys to the host only when the `host_registration_remote_execution` parameter is `true`.
* The `insights` snippet downloads and installs the Red{nbsp}Hat Insights client when global parameter `host_registration_insights` is set to true.

> * The `puppetlabs_repo` and `puppet_setup` snippets downloads and installs Puppet agent on the host (only when Puppet server is present)

Reviewer: Perhaps it should say:
```suggestion
* The `puppetlabs_repo` and `puppet_setup` snippets downloads and installs Puppet agent on the host (only when a Puppet server is assigned)
```

My reasoning is that a Puppet server being present is ambiguous. Only when a host has a Puppetserver assigned, it'll be used. This means you can have hosts with and without Puppet in the same environment.

Author: Perfect, thanks. This felt unclear when I read it.

Reviewer: Also, should it be plural?
```suggestion
* The `puppetlabs_repo` and `puppet_setup` snippets download and install Puppet agent on the host (only when a Puppet server is assigned)
```
